Friends, if we buy any insurance,
whether it is for a car, bike or
any vehicle, then the biggest problem that
comes up is that we will
buy the insurance policy by paying money, but these
stars, by
raising some doubt or the other, by harassing us and finding some
issue in it, reject our claim,
but if you take
care of some things, then the chances of your claim going through will
increase significantly,
because by taking care of these things, you will
not make those mistakes due to which
insurance companies reject your claim,
so in today's video we will learn
two special things which will help you, first of all, in
movies you have seen that the
law demands proof, similarly insurance
coverage also demands proof, to approve your claim, you will have to
justify your loss
treatment and all these cards which you have
declared in your claim form,
so first of all, whenever there is an accident,
you have to try to take 10 to 15 photos
which will cover all the damage to your vehicle,
along with any other vehicle or third party
Losses are through, can you take photos of the loss in it
and if these photos have your location
or information, then
that would also be good if seen, there are
two types of losses, first of all, those who will
write in their claim form that an
accident happened on this day at this time with this vehicle
and this is my loss, and if you
also have photos, do not let the rule out be created,
survey, this is in the company's reminder as a
proof, whatever you are clearing,
all these statements are animals, then no
one can stop your claim from being passed,
now friends, it is heard that the
front and back of the vehicle, please take care, the front and back are
not approved together
or both sides, the driver's side and the
driver's side calendar are not approved in one plate,
but there is no such hard and
fast food, it is just a sense of, that is,
we do not have that proof, so
we justify like this that this
loss happened in a single accident, but
if you have photos to support them which can
show that it is of both sides  If the damage has occurred to the
front and rear or left and right side
in the same accident, then no
insurance company can challenge your claim no matter what survey it has done.
Now friends, here comes the
second thing, like in a medical emergency, you
first contact a doctor so that the
party can see the post-mortem report and the
patient also gets time to reach the right treatment. Similarly,
in case of an accident, your insurance doctor is there,
who is he? Yes, he is your insurance
consultant or the person you have bought the policy for, you
call him, but he will tell you
step by step what you should do and
in that situation, you are in a panic mood at that time
and
due to missing many product texts, there may be difficulty in getting your claim
and at the same time, your loss may
also increase. But no matter how
big an expert someone is or how much
knowledge he has, but the circumstances of an accident are
such that at that time, your
power of thinking, understanding and decision-making
ability reduces considerably. So friends,
keep these two things in mind.
First of all, the law demands proof,
so photos.  Click on it and secondly,
in case of accidental emergency, you take prescription from the doctor,
similarly call your insurance
consultant first so
that you can follow any steps and you do not face
any issue in your throat, so friends, I
hope
you must have liked all the information in today's video
and to give proof of this, like the video,
share it and do not forget to subscribe to the channel, we will
meet
in the next video with a lot of updates and
information, till then, please allow me, take
care of yourself, stay healthy
and I am here, thank you.